SP-4105 (#28)
stackpulse/playbooks: stackpulse/create-incident-war-room/README.md

# StackPulse Create Incident War Room

<img src="../../images/stackpulse.png" width="100" alt="StackPulse">

![uses-slack](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=uses&message=Slack&style=flat&logo=slack&color=4A154B)

[![Import to StackPulse](../../images/open_in_stackpulse.svg)](https://app.stackpulse.io/playbook/create?tab=playbook#https://github.com/stackpulse/playbooks/blob/master/stackpulse/create-incident-war-room/playbook.yaml)

This playbook opens a new Slack channel to be used as a war room for a new incident.

## Your benefits

> - Coordinate all parties involved in an incident faster with on demand war room channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Coordinate all incident stakeholders faster with on demand war room channel.
- Configurable invitees list allows to invite relevant participants per use case.
```
